the way that I would handle a sailor who's become less effective due to
loss or grief is first of all, understand where they're at in their
grieving process. You know, that process is different from for everybody.
Some people are able to just continue on like nothing's happened,
where it takes other people a little bit longer to grieve, and
you need to understand that you need to be accommodating for that,
but also not so accommodating that is detrimental to your mission objectives.
So you're gonna have to kind of work with that individual
and really find out if they are getting the support that they need.
What do they need to do to get to the next step in their grieving process?
But don't feel like you don't ever try and rush or feel like
You need to rush that individual either, because that's not your responsibilities
to rush them through the grieving process. I just need
to understand where they're at and how to get them the right support
and make sure that it's keeps them on track, and it's not causing
issues with mission objectives